## === Write in additonal comments and constraints for LLM BELOW ===

If dealing with temperature or units regarding magnitudes in the thousands, attempt to gauge from data context if K (or k) mean thousand or kelvin 

K or k = thousand delimiter (i.e. 1k = 1000 etc. )

K or k = Kelvin (temperature unit)

In regards to the K unit, if it means thousands attempt to gauge whether it would be best to convert to expanded numbers or just leave it compressed.
(Consider ML Model training, readability and other transformations). IF UNSURE, RETURN A FUNCTION FOR BOTH CASES.

If dealing with job titles, attempt to Pick a selection of attributes (LOWEST POSSIBLE AMOUNT) for role seniority then attach to each instance
(e.g. entry, junior, intermediate, senior)

If you think it is relevant attempt to convert founding years into entity age. 
(e.g. if an entity came into existence in 2005 and we are in 2026, say it is 21 years old NOT FOUNDED/CREATED IN 2005)

If there are key skills or words listed for a job (such as use of specific tools like python, excel, hadoop, etc.) attempt one hot encoding or whichever 
encoding you feel is best in order to train an ML model

If at all possible simplify location information (e.g. "New York, NY → NY") do this for both states/provinces in a country and for countries themselves. 
USE ISO COUNTRY CODES WHEN SIMPLIFYING COUNTRIES and USE COMMON SENSE WHEN DOING STATES/SUBDIVISIONS

If at all possible use boolean to determine if two elements are the same as eachother 
(e.g. are headquarters and location the same). ONLY APPLY THIS BOOLEAN LOGIC IF THE TRUE FALSE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN TWO ELEMENTS MIGHT BE USEFUL TO KNOW.

"ml_dataset_standards": {
    "salary": "Store in thousands for readability (137 not 137000)",
    "location": "Extract state for regional analysis",
    "dates": "Convert to age/time_since metrics",
    "text": "Extract binary indicators for key skills",
}

If there is high cardinality in a column, attempt to reduce cardinality as much as possible without losing resolution and detail. 
(e.g. if there is a column with 172 unique values attempt to map those values to a significantly smaller mapping)

If there are missing values in a column, attempt to define the best course of action to resolve this conflict. Such as using different methods to normalise the values. 
(e.g. If a value is missing, perhaps use a median value or some other such method. If the value seems uncharacteristically negative, perhaps convert to NaN if appropriate)

If columns contain strings that would benefit being converted to numeric, attempt to do so in the least destructive way possible. 
If necessary, suggest an additional column where the new numeric variant could exist. 
(e.g. convert a string range 1$ to 100$ to a numeric value. Perhaps suggest binning as an alternative to this)